ðŸ“„ Function Report - GGcode Project
===================================
Function                                 Line       Length     File
-----------------------------------
myFunc                                   21         4          node/test.js
otherFunc                                25         16         node/test.js
compile_ggcode_from_string               21         65         src/bindings/nodejs.c
get_ast_type_name                        19         32         src/error/error.c
report_error                             51         9          src/error/error.c
clear_errors                             60         4          src/error/error.c
has_errors                               64         5          src/error/error.c
print_errors                             69         5          src/error/error.c
emit_let_stmt                            116        30         src/generator/emitter.c
emit_gcode_stmt                          146        70         src/generator/emitter.c
emit_while_stmt                          216        40         src/generator/emitter.c
make_number_value                        25         17         src/generator/emitter.c
emit_for_stmt                            256        60         src/generator/emitter.c
emit_block_stmt                          316        20         src/generator/emitter.c
emit_function_stmt                       336        31         src/generator/emitter.c
emit_if_stmt                             367        48         src/generator/emitter.c
emit_gcode                               415        150        src/generator/emitter.c
get_statement_count                      42         7          src/generator/emitter.c
emit_note_stmt                           49         67         src/generator/emitter.c
peek_next                                108        12         src/lexer/lexer.c
peek_ahead                               120        18         src/lexer/lexer.c
advance                                  138        25         src/lexer/lexer.c
skip_whitespace                          163        47         src/lexer/lexer.c
lexer_new                                18         52         src/lexer/lexer.c
keyword_lookup                           210        14         src/lexer/lexer.c
lexer_next_token                         224        126        src/lexer/lexer.c
lexer_free                               70         25         src/lexer/lexer.c
peek                                     95         13         src/lexer/lexer.c
make_token                               14         16         src/lexer/token_utils.c
token_free                               30         7          src/lexer/token_utils.c
print_token                              37         6          src/lexer/token_utils.c
compile_all_gg_files                     248        66         src/main.c
main                                     314        17         src/main.c
make_g_gcode_filename                    63         12         src/main.c
ends_with_ggcode                         75         10         src/main.c
compile_file                             85         163        src/main.c
parse_primary                            107        182        src/parser/parser.c
parse_postfix_expression                 289        21         src/parser/parser.c
parse_binary_expression_prec             310        31         src/parser/parser.c
parse_binary_expression                  341        5          src/parser/parser.c
parse_function                           346        54         src/parser/parser.c
parse_return                             400        13         src/parser/parser.c
parse_assignment                         413        43         src/parser/parser.c
get_precedence                           45         26         src/parser/parser.c
parse_statement                          456        33         src/parser/parser.c
parse_block                              489        39         src/parser/parser.c
parse_while                              528        24         src/parser/parser.c
parse_let                                552        42         src/parser/parser.c
parse_for                                594        61         src/parser/parser.c
parse_note                               655        52         src/parser/parser.c
lexer_peek_token                         707        11         src/parser/parser.c
parser_advance                           71         9          src/parser/parser.c
parse_gcode                              718        107        src/parser/parser.c
match                                    80         10         src/parser/parser.c
parse_if                                 825        49         src/parser/parser.c
parse_script                             874        66         src/parser/parser.c
parse_unary                              90         17         src/parser/parser.c
free_ast                                 940        130        src/parser/parser.c
find_function                            1006       15         src/runtime/evaluator.c
free_value                               1021       23         src/runtime/evaluator.c
reset_runtime_state                      1044       17         src/runtime/evaluator.c
enter_scope                              1061       26         src/runtime/evaluator.c
exit_scope                               1087       72         src/runtime/evaluator.c
set_var                                  1159       26         src/runtime/evaluator.c
set_parents_recursive                    119        66         src/runtime/evaluator.c
reset_parser_state                       185        6          src/runtime/evaluator.c
parse_script_from_string                 191        30         src/runtime/evaluator.c
copy_value                               221        53         src/runtime/evaluator.c
eval_expr                                274        274        src/runtime/evaluator.c
get_number                               38         10         src/runtime/evaluator.c
get_scalar                               48         11         src/runtime/evaluator.c
eval_function_call                       548        169        src/runtime/evaluator.c
eval_let                                 59         8          src/runtime/evaluator.c
eval                                     67         5          src/runtime/evaluator.c
declare_array                            717        19         src/runtime/evaluator.c
get_var                                  72         13         src/runtime/evaluator.c
var_exists_in_current_scope              736        21         src/runtime/evaluator.c
eval_block                               757        98         src/runtime/evaluator.c
get_array_item                           85         34         src/runtime/evaluator.c
eval_if                                  855        22         src/runtime/evaluator.c
eval_for                                 877        31         src/runtime/evaluator.c
eval_while                               908        47         src/runtime/evaluator.c
declare_var                              955        27         src/runtime/evaluator.c
var_exists                               982        12         src/runtime/evaluator.c
register_function                        994        12         src/runtime/evaluator.c
set_input_file                           13         4          src/utils/config.c
get_input_file                           17         5          src/utils/config.c
get_debug                                22         4          src/utils/config.c
get_output_to_file                       26         4          src/utils/config.c
get_line_number                          30         4          src/utils/config.c
increment_line_number                    34         4          src/utils/config.c
reset_line_number                        38         4          src/utils/config.c
get_enable_n_lines                       42         2          src/utils/config.c
read_file_to_buffer                      4          21         src/utils/file_utils.c
init_output_buffer                       13         6          src/utils/output_buffer.c
free_output_buffer                       19         7          src/utils/output_buffer.c
write_to_output                          26         12         src/utils/output_buffer.c
get_output_buffer                        38         4          src/utils/output_buffer.c
get_output_length                        42         4          src/utils/output_buffer.c
save_output_to_file                      46         11         src/utils/output_buffer.c
prepend_to_output_buffer                 57         15         src/utils/output_buffer.c
print_compilation_report                 5          33         src/utils/report.c
